[line ringing]
FIND TOUKO KIRISHIMA
MAI-SAN IS IN DANGER!
[clicks]
[AUTOMATED VOICE] Connecting
to voicemail service.
Please leave your message
after the beep.
[beep]
Um, hello.
I'm calling to confirm
if this number belongs to
Miss Touko Kirishima.
[RIO] So, what did you say
in your message?
I just said
because I wanted to know
how I can become Santa Claus."
If she really is
the actual Touko Kirishima
I assumed I could ask her
about what she thought.
Considering the message
Ikumi Akagi received
there are two branches
of possibilities
in this scenario.
The first being that
Touko Kirishima will somehow
directly cause physical harm
to Sakurajima.
I don't think she'd actually
do it directly though.
I mean, she's invisible.
She would have had plenty
of chances to do it by now.
Then it would be
the other possibility.
In that case, it'll likely be
someone with puberty syndrome
whose onset was
thanks to Touko Kirishima.
They will likely put Sakurajima
in harm's way.
Hmm.
Hey, Futaba
do you think all of these recent
cases of puberty syndrome
really were caused
by Touko Kirishima?
She said so herself, didn't she?
So what's your deal? You just
go around in that Santa outfit
handing out puberty syndrome
to everyone as presents?
Well, yeah.
Santa Claus's job is to visit
all of the nice boys and girls
and pass out presents to them.
But all we have
to go off of is her word.
There's no way to prove
if that's even true.
Which means, at this point
there's only one thing you can
do now, right, Azusagawa?
[sighs] I guess you're right.
In the end
with the Miniskirt Santa
somehow.
[♪ opening theme song playing]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
DECEMBER 1ST
[MAN] Azusagawa.
SECRETS AND PROMISES
-Have a moment?
-[SAKUTA] Sure.
The thing is, I'd like you
to take over the role
of being Himeji's tutor
starting today.
This is rather sudden.
Well, she had
requested it herself.
So, what do you think?
I can do it.
That's great. What a relief.
Oh, hey, Mr. Sakuta.
Okay, I'm counting on you
Guess I'm under your care now
[SAKUTA] It's nice
to have you aboard, Himeji.
[Natsuno purring]
[muffled gasping]
[breathes deeply]
NOVEMBER 29TH
That was
an awfully realistic dream.
[SAKUTA] Huh? Mai
has been canceled?
[MAI] Yeah. I just received word
from Ryoko earlier.
That means we can go
on a date for your birthday.
Exactly. So leave your schedule
open after class.
There's somewhere special
I've been wanting to take you.
Huh? Where?
We'll just leave the fun
for when we get there.
[grumbles]
-[IKUMI] Azusagawa.
-[BOTH] Huh?
[IKUMI] I'm sorry.
It was no good.
Oh, I see.
I was thinking
I'd ask my other self
what he meant by the message
he left on you yesterday.
I'm not sure, but I don't think
our message from over here
has reached my other self yet.
Ever since we tried connecting
Well, I think it's better
if you stay that way.
That likely means
your puberty syndrome
has been cured.
Don't you dare
feel responsible about this
and switch with the Akagi
over there again, okay?
Yeah, I'll be fine.
I'll let you know
if anything else comes up.
#TOUKOKIRISHIMA
[KASAI] Catch you later.
[SAKUTA]
Got something after this?
My future girlfriend candidate
is calling for me.
Another mixer, huh?
You bet.
And I just know
this is my lucky day!
[SAKUTA] I'll look forward to
hearing some good news.
#TOUKOKIRISHIMA
#MAISAKURAJIMA
TOUKO AND MAI
HAVE SIMILAR SINGING VOICES
THEY'RE THE SAME PERSON, RIGHT?
ISN'T TOUKO ACTUALLY MAI?
[sighs]
Still no clues, huh?
SHONAN CRAM SCHOOL
DECEMBER 1ST
Anything else
you don't understand?
Yeah. Um, right here.
Which one?
DECEMBER 1ST
[MAN] Azusagawa.
-Have a moment?
-Sure.
The thing is, I'd like you
to take over the role
of being Himeji's tutor
starting today.
This is rather sudden.
Well, she had
requested it herself.
What do you think?
I can do it.
Oh, hey, Mr. Sakuta.
Okay. I'm counting on you
Guess I'm under
your care now, Mr. Sakuta.
It's nice
to have you aboard, Himeji.
[gasps] H-Himeji!
Himeji will be joining
this class starting today.
Nice to be here, Yamada.
You too, Yoshiwa.
Wha... Are you for real?!
Hey, what exactly
does that mean, Yamada?
[YAMADA] Huh? What do you mean?
Are you happy about it or not?
Oh, I don't really feel
one way or the other.
Come on, Mr. Sakuta, let's
get on with the lesson already!
I think this might
just be the first time
I've ever seen Yamada
being so motivated.
So stupid.
[SAKUTA] This is all
exactly like the dream.
So this must be the rumor
[unlocking door]
Hey, I'm home, Natsuno.
[phone ringing]
SANTA
Yes, Azusagawa here.
Would this happen
to be Touko Kirishima?
[TOUKO] If you memorized
my number in that one instant
you're
surprisingly intelligent.
I get that a lot.
And yet you're so stupid.
If I didn't get a call back
after trying multiple times
don't you think
I'd assume you're avoiding me?
I'm glad you called.
There's something
I have to ask you.
How to become Santa Claus
is a secret.
Can we meet again?
It is the first day
of December, you know.
Santa Claus
is a very busy woman.
Can you please
just fit it in your schedule?
Then tomorrow, after fourth
period, at the front gate.
Uh, well
What, you're busy tomorrow?
It's my girlfriend's birthday.
Oh.
Then I refuse to see you
on any day other than tomorrow.
[Touko hangs up]
-[sighs]
-[meows]
[MAI] I understand.
DECEMBER 2ND
You're meeting Kirishima today
so you're canceling
your date with me.
[groans]
Why are you acting dissatisfied
when you're the one
who changed plans?
I was really
looking forward to this.
Nuh-uh. That's my line.
[car accelerating]
Mai, I'd like you to show
some more disappointment.
Of course I'm disappointed.
All the preparation I did
is for nothing now.
I'm happy just getting to spend
whatever time I can
with my beautiful Mai.
I'm not happy about this at all.
Either way
Just be grateful your girlfriend
is so understanding.
Hard to be grateful
when I have less time to spend
with my perfect girlfriend.
Okay, then do you want me
to go along with you?
No, you can't!
[MAI] You don't have to
worry about it.
[SAKUTA] Of course
I'm gonna worry.
I understand that you're
concerned about me, Sakuta.
After all
♪
Do you not feel uneasy?
I've got you around
Hey, uh, Mai?
[MAI] Hmm?
Can you stop
by the next convenience store?
What for?
I want to hug you.
Then no.
[groans]
Sakuta, for second period
you have enough lectures
attended, right?
Yeah. Why do you ask?
[indicator clicking]
[SAKUTA] Mai.
Are we playing hooky?
Today is my birthday
so we can be tardy.
[indistinct chatter]
[SAKUTA] Uh, Mai
[MAI] Follow me and find out.
-Uh...
-I turn 20 today
so don't you think
I deserve a special gift
from my loving boyfriend?
Yeah, definitely.
How's this?
It suits you very well.
They said they'll be eagerly
awaiting our next visit.
Well, the next time, we can go
buy an engagement ring for you.
I guess I wouldn't mind
looking forward to that.
Well, I'll see you tonight.
-Oh, yeah. Hey, Mai.
-Hmm?
I forgot.
Happy birthday.
Oh, Sakuta.
You're always so late
at saying things.
YOKOHAMA CITY UNIVERSITY
I'm glad I withdrew
my paycheck yesterday
in preparation for the date.
Mai's hand was
absolutely glimmering today.
So then
was that her b'day present
from you, Azusagawa?
Well, yeah.
The ring is so nice.
I really wanted to give one
to Mai as a present too.
Shouldn't you be
on the receiving end?
There's no one I want to
receive one from right now.
Oh, by the way, if you're
curious, my birthday is--
If you keep saying that stuff
Relax. I'd only say it to you.
And saying stuff like that
is why you're so popular.
She's not here.
I guess
she wants me to wait for her.
[WOMAN]
Is this some kind of joke?
It's not funny at all.
Sorry to make you wait
Kirishima.
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
[SAKUTA] So even Santa Claus
wears normal clothing, huh?
[TOUKO] With how dense you are
doesn't your girlfriend
get disappointed?
[SAKUTA] She occasionally
says she loves it.
Do you live around this area?
[TOUKO] Mont Blanc
and Earl Grey.
Huh?
Welcome, sir. Will you be dining
as a party of one this evening?
Yes. I would like a Mont Blanc
and an Earl Grey, please.
Here you go.
Don't mind if I do.
Mmm!
Kirishima
is there anything else
that you're troubled by?
"Anything else"?
What could trouble me?
You know, things other than
how you can't eat the Mont Blanc
from here if I'm not around.
Your predicament here
it's puberty syndrome, right?
I have no troubles
other than the inability
to eat the Mont Blanc
from this shop.
What about shopping?
You can buy anything
on the internet nowadays.
Oh, I see. Then you must be
rather satisfied
with the current situation.
I wouldn't say
I'm satisfied just yet.
If I could have things my way
I'd want tons more people
to listen to my songs.
Can't you make that happen
even if you stop
being an invisible person?
I'd argue I can do it
while staying invisible too.
Do you have any ideas
as to why you ended up this way?
Oh, I see. So you want to cure
my puberty syndrome, don't you?
Since you're changing subjects
I take it that means
you must have an idea.
Tell me.
Will you keep manifesting
other people's puberty syndrome?
All I'm doing
is delivering my songs to them.
This song saved me
during a hard time.
I feel like
she's singing the feelings
I'm unable to express. I'm just
dying to hear more from her.
I'm trying to answer the voices
from everyone
who watches my videos.
That's the reason
why I continue singing.
Now, what's so bad
about that, huh?
So, Kirishima
the songs you've released
have become catalysts
for other people
receiving puberty syndrome.
And you're aware of that fact?
That's why you mentioned
the other day that
you gave Hirokawa the ability
to read the atmosphere.
It's because you deliver
puberty syndrome through songs.
When will you be singing next?
[sighs]
It's annoying for you to keep
calling me over and over again
so I'll make an exception
and tell you.
I'm actually in the middle of
producing a new song right now.
A Christmas song I want everyone
to hear on Christmas Eve.
Be a good boy and wait for it.
If I do as you say
Receiving Christmas presents
from Santa Claus
makes everyone happy
When you say "everyone"
that high school student
over there will benefit too?
If he stays on the nice list.
[SAKUTA] That person too?
[TOUKO] If she stays
on the nice list.
Then, Mai too?
She doesn't need it, does she?
I mean
Do you perhaps dislike Mai
for some reason?
I used to hate her
But it's different now?
Nowadays, I see her
slightly favorably
because she's dating
a very strange boy.
And you aren't
going to hurt Mai, are you?
What is this conversation about?
[sighs]
It's about how deeply in love
with Mai I am, of course.
[TOUKO] Goodness.
She really does have
strange taste in guys.
Can I ask you one last thing?
That is?
I'm just curious.
How does it feel for so many
people to listen to your songs?
There's nothing else
in the world
that feels quite so amazing.
That's why I can't stop.
Thanks for the treat today.
See you.
I guess I'll buy some more
Mont Blanc to go and head home.
[door opens, closes]
[SAKUTA] I'm back.
[♪ pop song playing on TV]
[MAI] Welcome home, Sakuta.
Yeah, it's good to be home, Mai.
[KAEDE] Welcome back
[SAKUTA] Yeah.
Is this Touko Kirishima?
[KAEDE] Yep.
[song ends]
So, what's Zukki
doing here today?
I came here to eat some cake.
I think the correct answer is
"I came to celebrate
Mai's birthday."
We all sang "Happy Birthday"
to her already.
Even Kaede sang with us too.
Oh?
Yeah, so what if I did?
Sakuta, what's in that box?
A bit of Mont Blanc that is best
eaten in the next 15 minutes.
[KAEDE] Big Brother, Mai
thank you for all the food.
See you guys.
I'm gonna escort Uzuki
back home.
I'm heading
to the convenience store.
[SAKUTA] Sure thing.
Just be careful.
[door closes]
Have I forced Kaede
to be considerate as well?
Since we're alone
No, I don't.
Aww.
That's what she told you?
That she actually used to
hate me for some reason?
Yeah.
Did you ever do something mean
to Touko Kirishima?
No, of course not.
I've never even met her.
Yeah, but you are
in show business
so do you think you could be
the target of one-sided envy?
Maybe. But when you were
chatting with her
it didn't seem like
she had any intention
of harming me directly, did it?
No, I didn't sense danger
or anything of that nature
coming from her.
I am curious
about the Christmas song
she wants people to listen to
on Christmas Eve.
By the way, Sakuta?
Hmm?
Leave your schedule open
for the 24th and 25th, okay?
I've already left it open to
spend those days with you, Mai.
Good. I'll stay with you
the whole time
during those two days
so you can feel at ease.
Seriously?
Hakone has lovely hot springs.
We can go and relax.
You can think of it
as a Christmas present
from me to you.
Sound good?
[gasps]
[SAKUTA] Yahoo!
[indistinct chatter]
[SANTA] Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
[SARA] Sorry to make you wait.
What do you think
about my outfit?
[SAKUTA] Hmm.
Looks pretty cold.
Jeez, Mr. Sakuta
[chuckles] But still, though
I'm really happy I can spend
Christmas Eve with you.
GOKURAKUJI
Hey, Mr. Sakuta
do you still remember
our promise?
[SAKUTA] Hmm?
You promised me
you wouldn't try
to cure my puberty syndrome
Yeah, I do.
But I know you can be a liar
sometimes, too, so...
♪ If you lie
and break your promise ♪
♪ I'll make you swallow
♪ All in a big gulp ♪
♪ Pinky promise ♪
[Natsuno purring]
What the heck can it be?
That was another dream?
DECEMBER 3RD
[SAKUTA] If the dream
I had this morning
is gonna become reality
once again
that means I'd be canceling
the overnight trip with Mai
to go on a Christmas date
with Himeji, of all people.
You promised me
that you wouldn't try
to cure my puberty syndrome
That pretty much confirms that
a new case of puberty syndrome
has already manifested
inside of Himeji.
-What a mess.
-[door opens]
[KOGA] What's a mess, Sakuta?
I sort of had
a weird dream last night.
Maybe it's like one of those
you'd find on #Dreaming.
For real?
More people are talking
about the Dreaming tag
at school lately too.
I guess a lot of people
are buying into it.
So anyway, what's so strange
about the dream you had?
Let's just say
I'd be in big trouble
if it became reality.
-Hmm?
-[phone vibrates]
[gasps] Sakuta. Did you
do something to Himeji?
No. Nothing yet.
Hmm?
What time
does your shift end today?
At 9:00.
She's asking you, "Can I have
some of your time after work?"
You can tell her
that won't be a problem.
-What?
-Oh, nothing.
But Himeji is
super popular with guys
so I'd just be careful
around her if I were you.
[MAI] Hello and welcome
This is Mai Sakurajima.
I am once again in charge
of bringing big camera store
announcements to all of you.
[SARA] Guess who?
So, Himeji, you're someone that
pulls childish pranks too, huh?
Well, I am still a child
I'm three years
younger than you.
I feel like most kids these days
don't like admitting
that they're
still children, though.
So, what did you
call me out here for?
Well, Mr. Sakuta
you know about #Dreaming
Yeah, I'm familiar with it.
I woke up from the strangest
dream this morning
and I think
it was about Christmas Eve.
Oh?
For some reason
I think we were on a date
or something.
Yeah. And then you and I
made a pinky promise
inside of an Enoden train
Huh? Wait. Can it be
that you saw it, too?
I did.
It's likely the same dream.
That's so weird. Can something
like this actually happen?
There is one thing
that I want to confirm.
Ah. Is it about
my puberty syndrome?
Yeah. Was that part true?
Yes. I do indeed
have puberty syndrome.
What kind
of puberty syndrome is it?
That's my little secret.
From when?
From the morning
after Golden Week.
Did something bad
happen around then?
My heart was broken.
However, I got over it quickly
So I'm having fun every day now.
And I know I already
told you this in the dream
but, Mr. Sakuta
please don't go trying to cure
my puberty syndrome.
Like I could.
Do I look like a doctor
who could fix
such ridiculous ailments?
[laughs] No, you don't at all.
And if you don't mind
could you keep
my puberty syndrome
just a secret
between us, please?
Even if I told people
Well, I want to confirm.
You concerned about what kind
of puberty syndrome I have?
Even if I was concerned
Then I'll say this is homework
from me to you.
Please think about what kind
of puberty syndrome it is
and figure it out.
If I do this homework
Yeah, if you guess it correctly
That's something
to look forward to.
It can't be
anything lewd, though.
[chuckles]
Anyway
Make sure you don't forget
about the homework, okay?
[sighs]
[♪ closing theme song playing]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF HIS STUDENT
[SARA] Oh, Sakuta
NEXT EPISODE